Updating FAQ with note on Windows Virtual Network (#8071)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/faq/teams-devices-faq.md

# Devices

> ## Why is my Windows device showing as being connected via a wired connection when I enable WARP?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why does my Windows device appear to switch from WiFi to Ethernet when I enable WARP?
```
